c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\fcdSampleCode.exe.config
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\fcdSampleCode.exe
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\fcdSampleCode.pdb
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\AppUtil.dll
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\CommandLine.dll
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\Vim25Service.dll
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\VimService.dll
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\VMware.Security.CredentialStore.dll
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\STSService.dll
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\AcquireBearerTokenByUserCredentialSample.dll
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\VMware.Binding.WsTrust.dll
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\AppUtil.pdb
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\VMware.Security.CredentialStore.pdb
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\AcquireBearerTokenByUserCredentialSample.pdb
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\VMware.Binding.WsTrust.pdb
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\obj\Debug\fcdSampleCode.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\obj\Debug\fcdSampleCode.exe
c:\users\ynorman\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\obj\Debug\fcdSampleCode.pdb
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\fcdSampleCode.exe.config
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\obj\Debug\fcdSampleCode.exe
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\obj\Debug\fcdSampleCode.pdb
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\fcdSampleCode.exe
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\fcdSampleCode.pdb
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\AppUtil.dll
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\CommandLine.dll
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\Vim25Service.dll
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\VimService.dll
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\VMware.Security.CredentialStore.dll
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\STSService.dll
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\AcquireBearerTokenByUserCredentialSample.dll
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\VMware.Binding.WsTrust.dll
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\AppUtil.pdb
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\VMware.Security.CredentialStore.pdb
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\AcquireBearerTokenByUserCredentialSample.pdb
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\bin\Debug\VMware.Binding.WsTrust.pdb
C:\Users\ynorman\Documents\Visual Studio 20151\Projects\fcdSampleCode\fcdSampleCode\obj\Debug\fcdSampleCode.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
